美国运动医疗协会的运动建议
The American College of Sports Medicine (ACSM) has just released new recommendations on the quantity and quality of exercise for adults, 


心肺训练
========
成人至少要一周要进行150分钟的中等强度运动。
为了达到这个建议，可以通过30-60分钟的中等强度运动（一周5天）或者20-60分钟激烈运动（一周3天）
连续一次的长时间锻炼或者多次短时间（至少10分钟）或者长短结合来达到这个运动量都是可以的。
运动时间、频率和强度应该循序渐进的进行才能避免伤病和持续下去。
就算运动达不到这个建议的分钟数的同样也是有好处的。

抗阻运动
========


Cardiorespiratory Exercise
--------------------------
Adults should get at least 150 minutes of moderate-intensity exercise per week. 
Exercise recommendations can be met through 30-60 minutes of moderate-intensity exercise (five days per week) or 20-60 minutes of vigorous-intensity exercise (three days per week).
One continuous session and multiple shorter sessions (of at least 10 minutes) are both acceptable to accumulate desired amount of daily exercise.  
Gradual progression of exercise time, frequency and intensity is recommended for best adherence and least injury risk.
People unable to meet these minimums can still benefit from some activity.

Resistance Exercise
-------------------
Adults should train each major muscle group two or three days each week using a variety of exercises and equipment.
Very light or light intensity is best for older persons or previously sedentary adults starting exercise.
Two to four sets of each exercise will help adults improve strength and power.
For each exercise, 8-12 repetitions improve strength and power, 10-15 repetitions improve strength in middle-age and older persons starting exercise, and 15-20 repetitions improve muscular endurance.
Adults should wait at least 48 hours between resistance training sessions.

Flexibility Exercise
--------------------
Adults should do flexibility exercises at least two or three days each week to improve range of motion.
Each stretch should be held for 10-30 seconds to the point of tightness or slight discomfort.
Repeat each stretch two to four times, accumulating 60 seconds per stretch.
Static, dynamic, ballistic and PNF stretches are all effective.
Flexibility exercise is most effective when the muscle is warm. Try light aerobic activity or a hot bath to warm the muscles before stretching.

Neuromotor Exercise
--------------------
Neuromotor exercise (sometimes called “functional fitness training”) is recommended for two or three days per week.
Exercises should involve motor skills (balance, agility, coordination and gait), proprioceptive exercise training and multifaceted activities (tai ji and yoga) to improve physical function and prevent falls in older adults.
20-30 minutes per day is appropriate for neuromotor exercise.
